Save False

Room Midgar

Rooms Dirtmouth Midgar

Character

name ncerl
health 100
max_health 100
spells WingardiumLeviosa VengefulSpirit 
attack 0
mana 50
max_mana 50
defence 0
armour None
armours None
weapon Wand
weapons Wand BusterSword 
accessory None
accessories None
health_flask 3
mana_flask 2
items None
upgrades None
shield None
shields None
money 100
shop False
shop_inventory ScotchWhiskey 
gamble False
additional_shop False
completion 1

Zebes

enemy Ridley
loot DectusMedallion(left)
secret False

KingdomofKu

enemy GeneralMugen
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

Bunker

enemy Emil
loot BlackBox
secret False

GreenhillZone

enemy DoctorEggman
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

TheMushroomKingdom

enemy Bowser
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

Asphodel

enemy TheBoneHydra
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

Commencement

enemy Mithrix
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

WalledCity99

enemy Sentinels
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

Mementos

enemy None
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

ShoresofNine

enemy Freya
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

TheForge

enemy None
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret True

Midgar

enemy None
loot None
secret False

Dirtmouth

enemy None
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret True

TheEndDimension

enemy None
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

TheShriekingShack

enemy Voldemort
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

HyruleKingdom

enemy Ganondorf
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

CelestialResort

enemy MrOshiro
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

Ascent

enemy Reyna
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

6thCircleofHell

enemy Gabriel,ApostateofHate
loot RoboticArm
secret False

TowerofFate

enemy Enchantress
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

Miquella'sHaligtree

enemy Malenia,BladeofMiquella
loot RustyKey
secret False

TheHallow

enemy TheMoonLord
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

TheObraDinn

enemy TheKraken
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

Kamurocho

enemy Shibusawa
loot FlaskofCeruleanTears
secret False

Snowdin

enemy Papyrus
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

TheAstralPlane

enemy JenaAnderson
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

TheSealedTemple

enemy TheHeir
loot DectusMedallion(right)
secret False

TheLastResort

enemy KingBoo
loot FlaskofCrimsonTears
secret False

